docs: add sign-in with supabase docs (#15460)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/pages/guides/integrations/oauth-apps/authorizing-an-oauth-app.mdx

import Layout from '~/layouts/DefaultGuideLayout'

export const meta = {
  id: 'authorizing-an-oauth-app',
  title: 'Authorize an OAuth App (Beta)',
  description: 'Authorize an OAuth App',
}

## Overview

This guide steps through implementing **Sign-in with Supabase**. Once you've added OAuth2.0 support to your main application, you will receive an access and refresh token from your users that choose to **Sign in with Supabase** on your application.

The access token returned will grant your application full access to the [Management API](https://supabase.com/docs/reference/api/introduction) on behalf of the user.

## Implement the OAuth2.0 flow

Once you've register your OAuth App, you can use the OAuth2.0 protocol to seek consent from Supabase users to access their organization or project.

> 1. Call the [`GET /v1/oauth/authorize`](<https://api.supabase.com/api/v1#/oauth%20(beta)/authorize>) endpoint. This should redirect the user to a consent screen where they can select the organization that they want to grant access to.
> 
>    > Note: `redirect_uri` and `state` combined must not be larger than 4kB. PKCE is strongly recommended for security reasons.
> 
> 2. Ensure that your application server has implemented the endpoint listed in the "Authorization callback URLs". After the user consents to your application receiving access, your application server will receive a `GET` request on the provided `redirect_uri` in the previous step. This `redirect_uri` will contain the following query parameters:
> 
>    `code` : A unique authorization code you can exchange for a Supabase access and refresh token.
> 
>    `state` : (Optional) The state you passed to the [`GET /v1/oauth/authorize`](<https://api.supabase.com/api/v1#/oauth%20(beta)/authorize>) endpoint previously.
> 
> 3. Extract these query parameters and exchange the `code` using the [`POST /v1/oauth/token`](<https://api.supabase.com/api/v1#/oauth%20(beta)/token>) endpoint.
> 
> 4. An access token and refresh token will be returned if the request is successful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Within your app's UI, redirect the user to [`https://api.supabase.io/v1/oauth/authorize`](<https://api.supabase.com/api/v1#/oauth%20(beta)/authorize>). Make sure to include all required query parameters such as:  
  - `client_id` A UUID uniquely identifying your OAuth app in Supabase.
  - `redirect_uri` The URL where Supabase will redirect the user after providing consent.
  - `scope` The value `all` as scoped access is not available at this time.
  - `response_type` Only `code` is allowed at this time.
  - `state` Any extra state you wish echoed back to the `redirect_uri`. Note that `redirect_uri` and `state` cannot both exceed 4kB in size.
  - We strongly recommend using the PKCE flow for increased security. Generate a random value before taking the user to the authorize endpoint. This value is called code verifier. Hash it with SHA256 and include it as the `code_challenge` parameter, while setting `code_challenge_method` to `s256`. In the next step, you would need to provide the code verifier to get the first access and refresh token.
2. Once the user consents to providing API access to your OAuth App, Supabase will redirect the user to the `redirect_uri` endpoint you provided in the previous step. The URL will additionally contain these query parameters:
  - `code` An authorization code you should exchange with Supabase to get the access and refresh token.
  - `state` The value you provided in the previous step, to help you associate the request with the user.
3. Exchange the authorization code for an access and refresh token by calling `POST https://api.supabase.com/v1/oauth/token` and including the following query parameters:
  - `grant_type` The value `authorization_code`.
  - `code` The authorization code.
  - `client_id` The unique client ID identifying your OAuth App.
  - `client_secret` The secret that authenticates your OAuth App to Supabase.
  - `redirect_uri` This must be exactly the same URL used in the first step.
  - If you used the PKCE flow in the first step, include the code verifier as `code_verifier`.
```

Author: i wanted to leave out the query params because i was afraid that they'll get outdated eventually - whereas adding the link directly would always be up-to-date
